Migrate Consul on ECS to use Consul Dataplane instead of client agents (#161)
hashicorp/consul-ecs: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

FEATURES

> * Removes the need for a Consul client when running Consul on ECS and transitions to the [Consul Dataplane](https://developer.hashicorp.com/consul/docs/connect/dataplane) based architecture.

Author: Should I add this PR's link to all these points?

   - Add a new top level field called `controller` top level field. Contains `iamRolePath`, `partitionsEnabled` and `partition` as nested fields.
   - Add a new top level required field `consulServers` to help ecs commands connect to the Consul servers without the client agent. Holds details about the server address and protocol specific TLS settings.
   - Remove the `service.checks` field. Without client agent, Consul will no longer be able to run user defined checks for their service instances.
   - Add the `proxy.healthCheckPort` field which can be hit to determine Envoy's readiness.
   - Add the `proxy.upstreams.destinationPeer` field to enable the proxy to hit upstreams present in peer Consul clusters.
   - Add the `meshGateway.healthCheckPort` field which can be hit to determine Envoy's readiness.
* Allow configuring TLS certs for gRPC traffic to Consul servers with `CONSUL_GRPC_CACERT_PEM` or `consulServers.defaults.caCertFile` or `consulServers.grpc.caCertFile` config option.
* Allow configuring TLS certs for HTTP traffic to Consul servers with `CONSUL_HTTPS_CACERT_PEM` or `consulServers.defaults.caCertFile` or `consulServers.http.caCertFile` config option.

> * Add the [go-discover](https://github.com/hashicorp/go-discover) binary to the Consul ECS image to better support the discovery of Consul servers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add the [go-discover](https://github.com/hashicorp/go-discover) binary to the Consul ECS image to better support [cloud auto-join](https://developer.hashicorp.com/consul/docs/install/cloud-auto-join).
```
